Mildred Blast looked at the magic blade in her hands and felt angry.

She walked over to the window and reflected on her grand surroundings. She had always loved magical Moscow with its loopy, large lakes. It was a place that encouraged her tendency to feel angry.

Then she saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was the figure of Nadine England. Nadine was an intelligent patient with sticky eyelashes and pretty feet.

Mildred gulped. She glanced at her own reflection. She was a remarkable, hilarious, cocoa drinker with skinny eyelashes and fluffy feet. Her friends saw her as a doubtful, depressed do gooder. Once, she had even jumped into a river and saved an abundant old lady.

But not even a remarkable person who had once jumped into a river and saved an abundant old lady, was prepared for what Nadine had in store today.

The rain hammered like running donkeys, making Mildred unstable.

As Mildred stepped outside and Nadine came closer, she could see the fierce glint in her eye.

Nadine gazed with the affection of 9738 giving grieving gerbils. She said, in hushed tones, "I love you and I want peace."

Mildred looked back, even more unstable and still fingering the magic blade. "Nadine, what's up Doc," she replied.

They looked at each other with anxious feelings, like two mouldy, mashed mice laughing at a very special holiday, which had R & B music playing in the background and two funny uncles drinking to the beat.

Suddenly, Nadine lunged forward and tried to punch Mildred in the face. Quickly, Mildred grabbed the magic blade and brought it down on Nadine's skull.

Nadine's sticky eyelashes trembled and her pretty feet wobbled. She looked angry, her emotions raw like a better, bitter book.

Then she let out an agonising groan and collapsed onto the ground. Moments later Nadine England was dead.

Mildred Blast went back inside and made herself a nice mug of cocoa.
