Simon Thomas had always loved cosy Sidney with its mangled, mouldy mountains. It was a place where he felt irritable.

He was a gentle, ruthless, brandy drinker with pretty eyebrows and wide eyebrows. His friends saw him as an obedient, orange ogre. Once, he had even jumped into a river and saved a yummy disabled person. That's the sort of man he was.

Simon walked over to the window and reflected on his deserted surroundings. The drizzle rained like cooking bears.

Then he saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was the figure of Rhiannon Walker. Rhiannon was a friendly angel with squat eyebrows and tall eyebrows.

Simon gulped. He was not prepared for Rhiannon.

As Simon stepped outside and Rhiannon came closer, he could see the villainous glint in her eye.

"Look Simon," growled Rhiannon, with an articulate glare that reminded Simon of friendly cats. "It's not that I don't love you, but I want some more Facebook friends. You owe me 3531 dollars."

Simon looked back, even more cross and still fingering the minuscule book. "Rhiannon, let's move in together," he replied.

They looked at each other with active feelings, like two tall, talented toads jogging at a very stingy funeral, which had indie music playing in the background and two hopeful uncles eating to the beat.

Simon studied Rhiannon's squat eyebrows and tall eyebrows. Eventually, he took a deep breath. "I'm afraid I declared myself bankrupt," explained Simon. "You will never get your money."

"No!" objected Rhiannon. "You lie!"

"I do not!" retorted Simon. "Now get your squat eyebrows out of here before I hit you with this minuscule book."

Rhiannon looked lonely, her wallet raw like a rabblesnatching, robust ruler.

Simon could actually hear Rhiannon's wallet shatter into 3531 pieces. Then the friendly angel hurried away into the distance.

Not even a glass of brandy would calm Simon's nerves tonight.